[monitor-gcp] Fix Service Account Roles (#1120)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/monitor-gcp.asciidoc

Make sure to select the correct roles.
====

> To monitor {gcp} services, you need to add three main roles to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor {gcp} services, you need to add these roles to the
```

Reviewer: ...this way you won't have to update this again if the number changes. :-)
